DARIN KISHORE (562) 521-2896 darin.kishore@emory.edu Permanent: 13051 Rose Street, Cerritos, CA 90703 School: 810 Whatcoat Street, Oxford, GA 30054 EDUCATION & HONORS Emory University, Emory College Atlanta, GA BS in Computer Science and Mathematics 2024 Minor in Writing, Rhetoric, and Information Design Oxford College of Emory University Oxford, GA Associate of Arts GPA: 3.7 2022 Honors: Woodruff Scholar WORK EXPERIENCE Punctuation Keyboards (ye_cole) Remote Founder Aug. 2015 - Present Produced, marketed, sold, and shipped custom keycap set with total revenue of $26,000 Negotiated shipping deals with logistics companies to provide cheap rates and accurate shipments Simplified business into delegation of tasks instead of personal work, saving time via just designing products and then outsourcing the market research/marketing, group buy logistics, and community outreach. Designed and Envisioned Dharma (https://qoda.studio/dharma) keyboard, a highly anticipated (3 years) board in the community, $10,000+ invested on pre-production alone. Computer Science Self-Studying Remote Project person June 2021 - Present Completed Harvard's CS50X 10-week course, Creating personal portfolio as final project with special consideration to Design, Accessibility, and Creating a unified personal brand image throughout all media. Learned CLI-interfacing to create Git repositories, Created Neural Network to ID Digits using Python Connect-In-Place Remote Course Instructor July 2021 - Aug. 2021 Taught 15 student high school summer class on applied happiness through biology and philosophy Drafted syllabus and course materials with consideration for optimal learning through a zoom-environment Created 50 pages of class content, distilled into six PowerPoint presentations for 75 min. class sessions Worked with TA to efficiently allocate responsibilities, optimizing the content-to-class pipeline Cloak & Cauldron Atlanta, GA Video Editing and Pre-Production Intern Dec. 2020 - Mar. 2021 Edited feature film rough cut in Premiere Pro (The Bomb Party), making the best of already corrupted footage via careful selection of scenes, distinct and smooth transitions, and synchronized ambient music Wrote 10 personalized cover letters to film festivals by delving into individual festival values, complimenting said values, and gently highlighting the attributes of our film that clearly expressed said values, 80% success Misc. Fast Food Experience Cerritos, CA / Atlanta, GA Store Associate Mar. 2020 - Apr. 2020, June 2021 - July 2021 Prepped food, Made and served orders, Corresponded with customers, Resolved disputes with empathy Exercised interpersonal conflict resolution skills, Built team relationships (Misc: McDonalds Brusters, Chipotle) LEADERSHIP & COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT Woodruff Scholar, Oxford College of Emory University Spring 2020-Present Merit scholarship awarded to <1% of incoming Emory Oxford students (given on basis of possessing qualities of "forceful and unselfish character, intellectual and personal vigor, outstanding academic achievement, impressive communication skills, significant leadership and creativity in school, and clear potential for enriching the lives of contemporaries") Mental Health Advocate Nov. 2018 - Mar. 2020 Wrote and presented speech advocating better mental health facilities to FJUHSD board and all 8 principals Collaborated with Fullerton Joint Union High School District mental health director and established mental health coordinator position at Troy High School with help from counselor and other mentors ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Digital Fluency: Solidworks/Photoshop Certifications, Proficient in Java, Python, SQL, C, Tableau, MS Office Language Fluency: English and Tamil Interests: Consistent self-growth, Mechanical keyboards, Weightlifting, Meditation, Journaling 